V0.2.0 (#73)
ropensci-org/contributing-guidance: rsrc_taskviews.Rmd

## Task Views {#taskviews}

Task views are excellent resources for guidance on which packages are relevant to a certain topic
They might list packages under sections like data retrieval, visualization, or analysis
Here we list some [task views](https://github.com/topics/task-view) maintained by rOpenSci staff and community members
They contain packages that are on CRAN and/or on GitHub.

You can contribute to task views by looking at the project’s contributing guide, then comment in an issue to discuss your approach with the maintainer

> Create a pull request and submit your proposed changes! If you have a problem with one of the packages discussed it’s best to contact the maintainer of that package directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a pull request and submit your proposed changes! If you have a problem with one of the packages discussed it’s best to use the specific communication channels of that package (e.g. GitHub issues).
```

Author: Great thanks

[Taxonomy](https://github.com/ropensci/taxonomy/blob/master/README.md), maintained by Scott Chamberlain, contains information on retrieving and manipulating taxonomic data in R.

[Antarctic and Southern Ocean Science](https://github.com/SCAR/ropensci/blob/master/task_view/README.md), maintained by Ben Raymond, covers a range of topics within the geosciences, life sciences, physical sciences, and humanities and social sciences of particular interest to Antarctic and Southern Ocean researchers. 

> [Hydrological Data and Modeling](https://github.com/ropensci/Hydrology/blob/master/README.md), maintained by Sam Zipper, Sam Albers, and Ilaria Prosdocimi, contains information about packages broadly relevant to hydrology, defined as the movement, distribution and quality of water and water resources over a broad spatial scale of landscapes

Reviewer: This CTV and the web service ones have moved to https://github.com/cran-task-views/Hydrology/blob/main/README.md so not rOpenSci. Should they still be listed here?

Author: Hmm, the paragraph leading up to it talks about task views "maintained by rOpenSci staff and community members". So I think it's okay to keep. Otherwise we'd end up getting rid of most of them 😦
